---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: About Kevin Tupper
datePublished: '2015-12-08T22:07:31.288Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-08T22:07:03.034Z'
title: About
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-08-about.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: about/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
## Naming My Blog

_Finding God in All Things _is an expression that comes from Ignatian spirituality.  Although I'm not a Jesuit, there is much about Ignatian Spirituality that resonates deeply with me.  This is why I chose the expression as the title for my personal blog.

Consider this description of Ignatian Spirituality and these six characteristics that define it.  Perhaps it will resonate with you too.

> [What Is Ignatian Spirituality][0]
> 
> Ignatian spirituality is a spirituality for everyday life. It insists that God is present in our world and active in our lives. It is a pathway to deeper prayer, good decisions guided by keen discernment, and an active life of service to others.

> [Six Characteristics of Ignatian Spirituality][1]
> 
> * it sees life and the whole universe as a gift calling forth wonder and gratefulness.
> * it gives ample scope to imagination and emotion as well as intellect.
> * it seeks to find the divine in all things---in all peoples and cultures, in all areas of study and learning, in every human experience, and (for the Christian) especially in the person of Jesus.
> * it cultivates critical awareness of personal and social evil, but points to God's love as more powerful than any evil.
> * it stresses freedom, need for discernment, and responsible action.
> * it empowers people to become leaders in service, men and women for others, whole persons of solidarity, building a more just and humane world.



[0]: http://www.ignatianspirituality.com/what-is-ignatian-spirituality/
[1]: http://www.ignatianspirituality.com/what-is-ignatian-spirituality/six-characteristics-of-ignatian-spirituality/